pgd: clarify joining nodes with non-default extensions (#6099)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/node_management/creating_and_joining.mdx

that already exists on databases in the PGD group. We recommend that the
newly joining database be empty except for the BDR extension. However,
it's important that all required database users and roles are created.

> Additionally, if the joining operation will be carried out by a non-superuser,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if the joining operation is to be carried out by a non-superuser,
```
